=head1 Filesys::SamFS

=head2 Description

Filesys::SamFS makes the SamFS API available to Perl. SamFS is a
HSM (Hierarchical Storage Management) Filesystem; it manages
files in two storage levels - a cache on disks and an archive
on removable media like magneto-optical disks or tapes.

SamFS is a product of LSC, Inc. For more information, please
refer to http://www.lsci.com/ .

=head2 Copying

Copyright (c) 2000,2001 Lupe Christoph. All rights reserved.

=head2 License

This software is covered by Perl's Artistic license, see the
file Artistic included in the distribution.

=head2 Download

=for html
You can download Filesys::SamFS from <A HREF="http://www.cpan.org/">CPAN</A> and from <A HREF="http://free.prohosting.com/~lupe/Personal/Perl/Filesys-SamFS-0.021.tar.gz">my website</A>.

=begin text

    You can download Filesys::SamFS from CPAN and from my website at
    http://free.prohosting.com/~lupe/Personal/Perl/Filesys-SamFS-0.02.tar.gz .

=end text

=head2 Prerequisites

=over 15

=item perl 5.005_03

While it is quite possible that this module will work with earlier
versions, it has only been tested with this version.

=for html
<P></P>

=item SamFS

Tested with versions 3.3.0-40 and 3.3.1-15.

=back

=head2 Build/Installation

Standard build/installation supported by ExtUtils::MakeMaker(3)...

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

Note that the ndevstat() call in the API only works for the superuser.
Consequently, t/03ndevstat.t will fail unless it is run by root.
You can do this with this command:

	su root -c '/usr/ccs/bin/make test'

=head2 Author

=for html
<A HREF="mailto:lupe@lupe-christoph.de">Lupe Christoph</A>

=begin text

    Lupe Christoph <lupe@lupe-christoph.de>

=end text

=head2 Webpage

=for html
Filesys::SamFS has it's own <A HREF="http://free.prohosting.com/~lupe/Personal/Perl/Filesys-SamFS/">webpage</A>.

=begin text

    Filesys::SamFS has it's own webpage at
    http://free.prohosting.com/~lupe/Personal/Perl/Filesys-SamFS/ .

=end text

